a warehousing, collateral management and lending business for agri commodities storage, precleaning, packing, quality assessment and standardisation making tradable units. the business is like other warehousing and colalteral management busiensses. i need an application which is user facing and another for my internal use to onboard warehouses in various geographies. user facing applciation is structured like uber for requesting storage and like a virtual trunk or demat account for storing electronic warehouse receipts. these receipts are in the form of smart cards bearing unique numbers and all details stored. the warehouse recipt is comprised of individual sacks of material standardised. 
understand the user journey to help build the app. the high level design is like a traffic light system. green channel is where the customer deposits, withdraws or transfers to tradewiser warehouses. orange channel is where the user has storage receipt from a third party which we want to parse and keep in one place for the use by the user. thirs is the red channel where the user may have the material on own premises and wishes to self certify quantity, quality such as moisture, composition, images etc and location of storage and any other relevant information mainly for use in peer to peer transactions requiring minimum use of tradewiser infrastructure. tradewiser is the overarching company and marketplace. in the green channelthe user can deposit material in our warehouse like requesting food from a restaurant or cab on uber but here warehouses are mapped on a map and the algorithm helps pick the right warehouse basis the commodity and approximate quantity input from the user. it already knows the geographical location of the user and can assign warehouses accordingly. once the deposit request is placed in the selected warehouse placed before the user in order of relevance or filtered on basis of user preference, the user can get a managed pickup on the selected available date and time slot. the user gets realtime updates and an entire SOP for pickup is implemented. once the material reaches the warehouse, the user sees updates on his screen as to what is happening at the warehouse, the quantity inwarded by digital update from the iot device at weighbridge or uploading of wightment slip and accurate reading of the same by the system alongwith proof of action. also the system then proceeds onto precleaning and packing the material, the user can opt to skip this step on the app and move directly to quality assessment. the quality parameters like moisture from moisture meter reading is captured, composition analysis such as foreign matter etc from automatic vibrator machines, then image and video of sample is captured for ai based analysis and color/heft and other parameters determination. once the reports are generated, basis the quantity and quality the system makes an api call to pricing engine to assign a valuation to the material. the user if satisfied with all the above then can proceed to generate an electronic warehouse reciept comprising of standard sacks of material each uniquely identified in a blockchain based ledger for traceability and as a fundamental building block of the receipt contract.several such warehouse receipts are stored in a demat account like trunk for the user to access all their holding in one place. 
allow reverse flow of partial or complete withdrawal of material from one or multiple such contracts. Build another feature to be able to transfer between different warehouses or transfer ownership to another user or beneficiary upon complete verification and digital signing to transfer ownership upon request by the user. 

